Haven't you always wanted to see your son's gizmos?
Erchen will try it for you today.
It's just a chick
I don't believe my black iron armor
You can break Chen Yuanxiu
I don't believe that everyone has your ability
Waiting for my soldiers to come in
I'll see what you do.
I still have a chance
Chen Yuanxiao actually hid it officially
Kill the chicken absolutely kill the chicken
Your Majesty, if I carry 5,000 people on my back
Not just a thousand people
My country will surely dominate the world
Chen Yuanxiao, do you think I'm not ready to come?
You have your little invention.
I have my sun-shooting slave
Sun Shooter
I step on the national saviors guarding the border
If you steal it back to Lei's house, you won't be afraid of the border being lost
Did the people die tragically?
As long as I can be emperor
I don't care if the people throw it away or not
Chen Yuanxiao
I know your thing can kill people in the air
I can come too
Who are you better than?